both
matter
Here comes the master
Accept it.
I told you so.
There's nothing a slap can't cure
If there is
Then two slaps
Yeah, and dogs.
I don't eat dog meat and beef
That's fine.
Do you hear me?
Hurry up and kill the chickens and geese
Don't fool us with this shit
I'll buy it.
Catch a few more
I also want to persuade you about my future mother-in-law
Go go go
Come, come, uncle, go, go, go
Ouch, yo, yo, yo.
How can you do this kind of work?
Why don't you just die?
How can I be willing to die before the new daughter-in-law is married?
Hey hey hey mother-in-law
Mother-in-law, your future son-in-law is here to see you
Come out and pack this up
Make up for it for my daughter-in-law
If you dare to come again, I will let Lin Xiaolin clean you up.
Your Kobayashi's
Where is he? Where is he?
Hahahaha
What do you mean?